Add section to contributing.md about adding new endpoints (#432)
DataDog/datadogpy: CONTRIBUTING.md

Make your change. Add tests for your change. Make the tests pass again.

You can also install this project locally in editable mode to make changes and run any manual tests. This can be done by installing using the following pip command:

```
pip install -e <path_to_cloned_project_dir>
```

Push to your fork and [submit a pull request][pr].

[pr]: https://github.com/your-username/datadogpy/compare/DataDog:master...master

At this point you're waiting on us. We may suggest some changes or
improvements or alternatives.

# Adding new API endpoints
This section outlines the process for adding a new endpoint to this API client.

> Lets use the example of creating an endpoint for `Hosts`. For this example endpoint, we will accept a GET and DELETE request at the `/hosts` endpoint as well as a GET resquest at the `hosts/totals` endpoint. **NOTE:** This endpoint is just an exmaple and doesn't describe the existing `hosts` resource.

Reviewer: `. **NOTE:**`. Add 2 spaces after the dot to go back to a new line

> Lets use the example of creating an endpoint for `Hosts`. For this example endpoint, we will accept a GET and DELETE request at the `/hosts` endpoint as well as a GET resquest at the `hosts/totals` endpoint. **NOTE:** This endpoint is just an exmaple and doesn't describe the existing `hosts` resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's use the example of creating an endpoint for `Hosts`. This example endpoint accepts either a GET or DELETE request at the `/hosts` endpoint as well as a GET request at the `hosts/totals` endpoint. **NOTE:** This endpoint is just an example and doesn't describe the existing `hosts` resource.
```

> First start by adding a new file to the `datadog -> api` folder for our new endpoint `hosts.py`. We'll use the following simple class structure:

Reviewer: `First start` > `First, start `

> First start by adding a new file to the `datadog -> api` folder for our new endpoint `hosts.py`. We'll use the following simple class structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start by adding a new file `hosts.py` to the `datadog/api` folder for the new endpoint. Use the following simple class structure:
```

```
from datadog.api.resources import (
    GetableAPIResource,
    DeletableAPIResource
)

class Hosts(GetableAPIResource, DeletableAPIResource):
    """
    A wrapper around Hosts HTTP API.
    """
    _resource_name = 'hosts'
```

Each class has the above simple structure, most importantly the following two pieces:

* A `_resource_name` - Indicates the uri of the api.
* A set of classes to inherit from. This is where the get/post/put/delete request code is defined for you. Available options are:

>   * CreateableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `POST` request for your class, implementing a `create` method.

Reviewer: Let's add link to corresponding classes

Reviewer 3: I think you could create an Array for all available options. Since it separates the options from the class requirement from a visual level.

Author: Turned it into a table.

  * SendableAPIResource - Fork of CreateableAPIResource class with a `send` method.
  * UpdatableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `PUT` request for your class, implementing an `update` method.

>   * DeletableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `DELETE` request for your class, implementing an `delete` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * DeletableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `DELETE` request for your class, implementing a `delete` method.
```

>   * GetableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `GET` request for your class, implementing an `get` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * GetableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `GET` request for your class, implementing a `get` method.
```

>   * ListableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `GET` request for your class, implementing an `get_all` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * ListableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `GET` request for your class, implementing a `get_all` method.
```

  * SearchableAPIResource - Fork of ListableAPIResource class with a `_search` method.
  * ActionAPIResource - Generic wrapper to trigger any type of HTTP request.

> Looking back at our simple class, we defined the URI this class will access, `hosts`, and that we can call the `delete` and `get` functions since we are inheriting `GetableAPIResource` and `DeletableAPIResource`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Looking back at our simple class, we defined the URI this class accesses, `hosts`, and specified that we can call the `delete` and `get` functions by inheriting `GetableAPIResource` and `DeletableAPIResource`.
```

> The remaining piece is to add support for our `GET` request to the `hosts/totals` URI. To do this, we can update our code to include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The remaining piece is to add support for the `GET` request to the `hosts/totals` URI. To do this, update your code to include:
```

```
from datadog.api.resources import (
    GetableAPIResource,
    DeletableAPIResource,
    ActionAPIResource
)

class Hosts(GetableAPIResource, DeletableAPIResource, ActionAPIResource):
    """
    A wrapper around Hosts HTTP API.
    """
    _resource_name = 'hosts'
    @classmethod
    def totals(cls):
        """
        Get total number of hosts active and up.

        :returns: Dictionary representing the API's JSON response
        """
        return super(Hosts, cls)._trigger_class_action('GET', 'totals')
```

> Notice the addition of the new class we're inheriting `ActionAPIResource` in addition to the new function `totals`. This new `totals` function utilizes the `_trigger_class_action` method from that class and appends `totals` to our URI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice the addition of the new inherited class `ActionAPIResource`, and the new function `totals`. This new `totals` function calls the `_trigger_class_action` method from that class and appends `totals` to our URI.
```

> Now we can use our new SDK and call the following methods with varioud params and request bodies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now you can use your new SDK and call the following methods with various params and request bodies:
```

Make your change. Add tests for your change. Make the tests pass again.

You can also install this project locally in editable mode to make changes and run any manual tests. This can be done by installing using the following pip command:

```
pip install -e <path_to_cloned_project_dir>
```

Push to your fork and [submit a pull request][pr].

[pr]: https://github.com/your-username/datadogpy/compare/DataDog:master...master

At this point you're waiting on us. We may suggest some changes or
improvements or alternatives.

# Adding new API endpoints
This section outlines the process for adding a new endpoint to this API client.

> Lets use the example of creating an endpoint for `Hosts`. For this example endpoint, we will accept a GET and DELETE request at the `/hosts` endpoint as well as a GET request at the `hosts/totals` endpoint.  **NOTE:** This endpoint is just an exmaple and doesn't describe the existing `hosts` resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's use the example of creating an endpoint for `Hosts`. This example endpoint accepts either a GET or DELETE request at the `/hosts` endpoint as well as a GET request at the `hosts/totals` endpoint. **NOTE:** This endpoint is just an example and doesn't describe the existing `hosts` resource.
```

> First, start by adding a new file to the `datadog -> api` folder for our new endpoint `hosts.py`. We'll use the following simple class structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start by adding a new file `hosts.py` to the `datadog/api` folder for the new endpoint. Use the following simple class structure:
```

* A set of classes to inherit from. This is where the get/post/put/delete request code is defined for you. Available options are:
  * CreateableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `POST` request for your class, implementing a `create` method.
  * SendableAPIResource - Fork of CreateableAPIResource class with a `send` method.
  * UpdatableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `PUT` request for your class, implementing an `update` method.
  * DeletableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `DELETE` request for your class, implementing a `delete` method.
  * GetableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `GET` request for your class, implementing a `get` method.
  * ListableAPIResource - Wrapper class for providing a `GET` request for your class, implementing a `get_all` method.
  * SearchableAPIResource - Fork of ListableAPIResource class with a `_search` method.
  * ActionAPIResource - Generic wrapper to trigger any type of HTTP request.

More information about the available classes to inherit from can be found in the [`resources.py`](https://github.com/DataDog/datadogpy/blob/master/datadog/api/resources.py) file.

> Looking back at our simple class, we defined the URI this class accesses, `hosts`, and specified that we can call the `delete` and `get` functions by inheriting `GetableAPIResource` and `DeletableAPIResource`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Looking back at the class above:

* The URI this class can access is defined: `hosts`. 
* The `delete` and `get` methods can be called by inheriting `GetableAPIResource` and `DeletableAPIResource`.
```

The remaining piece is to add support for the `GET` request to the `hosts/totals` URI. To do this, update your code to include:

```
from datadog.api.resources import (
    GetableAPIResource,
    DeletableAPIResource,
    ActionAPIResource
)

class Hosts(GetableAPIResource, DeletableAPIResource, ActionAPIResource):
    """
    A wrapper around Hosts HTTP API.
    """
    _resource_name = 'hosts'
    @classmethod
    def totals(cls):
        """
        Get total number of hosts active and up.

        :returns: Dictionary representing the API's JSON response
        """
        return super(Hosts, cls)._trigger_class_action('GET', 'totals')
```

> Notice the addition of the new inherited class `ActionAPIResource`, and the new function `totals`. This new `totals` function calls the `_trigger_class_action` method from that class and appends `totals` to our URI.

Reviewer 3: what does the `our URI` refers to? the `hosts`  URI ?

Author: Yeah, I'll make that clearer.

Now you can use your new SDK and call the following methods with various params and request bodies:

> * Hosts.totals()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `Hosts.totals()`
```

> * Hosts.get()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `Hosts.get()`
```

> * Hosts.delete()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `Hosts.delete()`
```
